Move remaining React components over, update messaging and missing/outdated information (#518)
primer/design: content/components/avatar-stack.mdx

### Alignment

> The default AvatarStack is left-aligned. You can right-align the component for layouts that are better suited for it.

Author: ```suggestion
The default avatar stack is left-aligned. You can right-align the component for layouts that are better suited for it.
```
